README.md, before:

# Crowd Control for Unreal Tournament 2004

This is a mutator which can be used to connect to the Crowd Control service, which allows Twitch Viewers to interact with a game that a streamer is participating in.
Since only one instance of Crowd Control can be attached at a time, most effects apply to all players on the server simultaneously.  A few apply to the player in first/last place, and a few more apply to random players.


## Compiling

I have been compiling this project using UMake (https://github.com/SeriousBuggie/unreal-umake).  Simply put the contents of this repository into a UT2k4CrowdControl folder in the main Unreal Tournament 2004 install directory, then drag the files inside the Classes folder onto UMake.
The compiled .u file will be put into the System folder.


## Installing

Either compile the .u file or download it from the Releases page and put it into the System folder of your Unreal Tournament 2004 installation.  The mutator should then be available to use in the Mutators menu.


## Feedback
  
Join the Discord server to discuss this mod or to provide feedback: https://discord.gg/GYqqDdAzzW

Commit message:

Add master server and campaign info to readme

README.md, after:

# Crowd Control for Unreal Tournament 2004

This is a mutator which can be used to connect to the Crowd Control service, which allows Twitch Viewers to interact with a game that a streamer is participating in.
Since only one instance of Crowd Control can be attached at a time, most effects apply to all players on the server simultaneously.  A few apply to the player in first/last place, and a few more apply to random players.


## Compiling

I have been compiling this project using UMake (https://github.com/SeriousBuggie/unreal-umake).  Simply put the contents of this repository into a UT2k4CrowdControl folder in the main Unreal Tournament 2004 install directory, then drag the files inside the Classes folder onto UMake.
The compiled .u file will be put into the System folder.


## Installing

Either compile the .u file or download it from the Releases page and put it into the System folder of your Unreal Tournament 2004 installation.  The mutator should then be available to use in the Mutators menu.


## Restoring Online Servers

Want to try this out on the greater internet?  You'll probably want to connect to the community master server instead of the now-defunct original servers.  If you're playing and hosting from your regular game, [you can follow the instructions here](https://ut2004serverlist.com/how-to-update-your-game/) to update the master servers.  If you are going to run a dedicated server (using the server software), [you can follow the instructions here](https://ut2004serverlist.com/updating-your-game-server/) instead.


## Campaign Mode

At the moment, there is no support for using Crowd Control in the single player campaign.  However, you may have luck using this unrelated mod: [UT2004 LAN Co-op Tournament](https://www.moddb.com/games/unreal-tournament-2004/addons/ut2004-lan-tournament-beta-1)

## Feedback
  
Join the Discord server to discuss this mod or to provide feedback: https://discord.gg/GYqqDdAzzW
